Add documentation for agentic search workflow templates (#12236)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/ai-search/agentic-search/agent-converse.md

This guide demonstrates how to configure conversational agents with multiple tools and use their advanced features for complex search scenarios. 

There are two ways to configure agentic search with a conversational agent:

> - [**Automated workflow**](#automated-workflow) (Recommended for quick setup): Automatically create all agentic search resources besides the index with a single API call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Automated workflow**](#automated-workflow) (Recommended for quick setup): Automatically create all agentic search resources except the index using a single API call.
```

- [**Manual setup**](#manual-setup) (Recommended for custom configurations): Manually configure each component for greater flexibility and control.

## Automated workflow

> OpenSearch provides a [workflow template]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/automating-configurations/workflow-templates#agentic-search-with-a-conversational-agent) that automatically creates a Bedrock connector, a remote chat model, a `QueryPlanningTool`, `ListIndexTool`, `IndexMappingTool`, a conversational agent with conversation memory, and a search pipeline. Review the workflow template [defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/agentic-search-with-conversational-agent-defaults.json) to determine whether you need to update any of the parameters. To create the default agentic search workflow with a conversational agent, send the following request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenSearch provides a [workflow template]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/automating-configurations/workflow-templates#agentic-search-with-a-conversational-agent) that automatically creates an Amazon Bedrock connector, a remote chat model, a `QueryPlanningTool`, `ListIndexTool`, `IndexMappingTool`, a conversational agent with conversation memory, and a search pipeline. Review the workflow template [defaults](https://github.com/opensearch-project/flow-framework/blob/main/src/main/resources/defaults/agentic-search-with-conversational-agent-defaults.json) to determine whether you need to update any of the parameters. To create the default agentic search workflow with a conversational agent, send the following request:
```
